Hi, I'm Javier Slim and I'm
selling this charger kit and batteries
special ultra fire
the batteries are model 18.650
1650 are 37 volts are lithium and
has a capacity of 2400 milliamperes
and are protected against overloads
they are a tad bigger than the 18,500
18,650 normal
of what they found in relation
quality / price of the best that exists
when transferring the charger is also
only for this type of batteries does not
you can charge normal batteries in the
simple is for batteries of this kind of
3.7 volts and can load five types
different the 14,500 that are
identical to the double a
but as I said before 3.7 volts
the 18 the 18,500 the 18 thousand 650 that are
these 17 thousand 670 and 17 thousand 500
what you have that is when you have two
independent charging channels
as I said before, it's just a tad
biggest fall fair but come
and he starts to grab
according to green and now to red both
are loading when any of the
two end it turns green and stops
load automatically is completely
reliable this charger in several
forums talk about him
a model to be followed in quotes by
security
Well, this is these are the
products that I will send you both
batteries and the charger you can pay for it
bank transfer for income in
account or by paypal